---
layout: post
title:  Election of Singapore to the World Health Organization Executive Board
date:   2019-05-27
permalink: /Election-of-Singapore-to-the-World-Health-Organization-Executive-Board/
---

Singapore has been elected to the World Health Organization (WHO) Executive Board for a three-year term from May 2019 to May 2022. The election was held during the 72nd World Health Assembly (WHA) held in Geneva, Switzerland from 20 to 28 May 2019.

2.          Senior Minister of State, Ministry of Health and Ministry of Transport, Dr Lam Pin Min, is the designated representative for Singapore on the WHO Executive Board. Dr Lam will attend the 145th session of the Executive Board from 29 to 30 May 2019, accompanied by senior officials from the Ministry of Health.

3.          Dr Lam said, “Singapore welcomes the opportunity to contribute to the work of the WHO and advance the global health agenda.  The WHO plays an important role in the promotion and protection of the health of people worldwide, and Singapore is equally committed to this cause."

4.          This is the second time that Singapore has been elected to the WHO Executive Board. Former Senior Minister of State, Ministry of Health, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and the Ministry of Information, Communication and the Arts, the late Dr Balaji Sadasivan, served as Singapore’s representative from 2006 to 2009 for the duration of Singapore’s first election to the WHO Executive Board. He was also appointed the chairman of the Executive Board for a one-year term in May 2007.

5.          The WHO Executive Board shapes the agenda for the annual WHA and oversees the implementation of decisions and policies made at the WHA. The Executive Board is composed of 34 persons, each designated by a Member State that has been elected to serve by the WHA.
